Download: enable h1, reduce decisions, remove old info (#241)
jquery/jquery.com: pages/download.md

<script>{
	"title": "Download jQuery"
}</script>

## Latest version

To locally download these files, right-click the link and select "Save as..." from the menu.

Download the compressed, production version:

<a class="button db" href="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.7.1.min.js">Download jQuery 3.7.1</a>

* [Download the uncompressed development version of jQuery 3.7.1](https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.7.1.js)
* [Download the map file for jQuery 3.7.1](https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.7.1.min.map)
* [jQuery 3.7.1 blog post with release notes](https://blog.jquery.com/2023/08/28/jquery-3-7-1-released-reliable-table-row-dimensions/)

The slim build is a smaller version, that excludes the [ajax](https://api.jquery.com/category/ajax/) and [effects](https://api.jquery.com/category/effects/) modules:

* [Download jQuery 3.7.1 slim build](https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.7.1.slim.min.js)
* [Download the uncompressed development version of the jQuery 3.7.1 slim build](https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.7.1.slim.js)
* [Download the map for the jQuery 3.7.1 slim build](https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.7.1.slim.min.map)

> The uncompressed version is best used during development or debugging; the compressed file saves bandwidth and improves performance in production. You can download the [source map](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/sourcemaps/) file to help with debugging the compressed production version. The source map is _not_ required for end-users to run jQuery, it just improves the developer's debugging experience. As of jQuery 1.11/2.1, we [no longer link source maps](https://blog.jquery.com/2014/01/24/jquery-1-11-and-2-1-released/) to compressed releases by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The uncompressed version is best used during development or debugging; the compressed file saves bandwidth and improves performance in production. You can download the [source map](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/sourcemaps/) file to help with debugging the compressed production version. The source map is _not_ required for end-users to run jQuery; it is a tool to help improve a developer's debugging experience. As of jQuery 1.11/2.1, we [no longer link source maps](https://blog.jquery.com/2014/01/24/jquery-1-11-and-2-1-released/) to compressed releases by default.
```

## Downloading jQuery using npm or Yarn
jQuery is published on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) under the [jquery package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jquery). You can install the latest version of jQuery with the npm CLI:
```
npm install jquery
```
As an alternative you can use the [Yarn CLI](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn):
```
yarn add jquery
```
This will install jQuery in the `node_modules` directory. Within `node_modules/jquery/dist/` you will find an uncompressed release, a compressed release, and a map file.

## jQuery Pre-Release Builds

The jQuery team is constantly working to improve the code. Each commit to the Github repo generates a work-in-progress version of the code that we update on the jQuery CDN. We recommend they be used to determine whether a bug has already been fixed when reporting bugs against released versions, or to see if new bugs have been introduced.

_These versions are sometimes unstable and never suitable for production sites._

<a href="https://releases.jquery.com/jquery/">Browse Git builds of jQuery</a>

## [jQuery CDN](https://releases.jquery.com)

> To use the jQuery CDN, just reference the file in the script tag directly from the jQuery CDN domain. You can get the complete script tag, including Subresource Integrity attribute, by visiting https://releases.jquery.com and clicking on the version of the file that you want to use. Copy and paste that tag into your HTML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the jQuery CDN, reference the file in the script tag directly from the jQuery CDN domain. You can get the complete script tag, including Subresource Integrity attribute, by visiting https://releases.jquery.com and clicking on the version of the file that you want to use. Copy and paste that tag into your HTML file.
```

## About the Code

**jQuery is provided under the <a href="https://jquery.com/license/">MIT license</a>.**

> The code is hosted and developed in the [jQuery GitHub repository](https://github.com/jquery/jquery). If you've spotted some areas of code that could be improved, feel free to [report a bug](https://forum.jquery.com/developing-jquery-core). If you'd like to participate in developing jQuery, peruse our [contributor site](https://contribute.jquery.org) for more information.

Reviewer: The forum link is a 404.
```suggestion
The code is hosted and developed in the [jQuery GitHub repository](https://github.com/jquery/jquery). If you've spotted some areas of code that could be improved, feel free to [report a bug](https://contribute.jquery.org/bug-reports/). If you'd like to participate in developing jQuery, peruse our [contributor site](https://contribute.jquery.org) for more information.
```
